Updated FH docs with Decompression & CloudWatchLogProcessing (#39767)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/kinesis_firehose_delivery_stream.html.markdown

The `processors` configuration block supports the following arguments:

> * `type` - (Required) The type of processor. Valid Values: `RecordDeAggregation`, `Lambda`, `MetadataExtraction`, `AppendDelimiterToRecord`, `Decompression`, `CloudWatchLogProcessing`. Validation is done against [AWS SDK constants](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/service/firehose/#pkg-constants); so that values not explicitly listed may also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Required) The type of processor. Valid Values: `RecordDeAggregation`, `Lambda`, `MetadataExtraction`, `AppendDelimiterToRecord`, `Decompression`, `CloudWatchLogProcessing`. Validation is done against [AWS SDK constants](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/firehose/types#ProcessorType); so values not explicitly listed may also work.
```

* `parameters` - (Optional) Specifies the processor parameters as multiple blocks. See [`parameters` block](#parameters-block) below for details.

### `parameters` block

The `parameters` configuration block supports the following arguments:

> * `parameter_name` - (Required) Parameter name. Valid Values: `LambdaArn`, `NumberOfRetries`, `MetadataExtractionQuery`, `JsonParsingEngine`, `RoleArn`, `BufferSizeInMBs`, `BufferIntervalInSeconds`, `SubRecordType`, `Delimiter`, `CompressionFormat`, `DataMessageExtraction`. Validation is done against [AWS SDK constants](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/service/firehose/#pkg-constants); so that values not explicitly listed may also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `parameter_name` - (Required) Parameter name. Valid Values: `LambdaArn`, `NumberOfRetries`, `MetadataExtractionQuery`, `JsonParsingEngine`, `RoleArn`, `BufferSizeInMBs`, `BufferIntervalInSeconds`, `SubRecordType`, `Delimiter`, `CompressionFormat`, `DataMessageExtraction`. Validation is done against [AWS SDK constants](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/firehose/types#ProcessorParameterName); so values not explicitly listed may also work.
```
